Assignment-02  Q & A

1.	How to use GitHub ,Jupyter and Pycharm.
A: https://product.hubspot.com/blog/git-and-github-tutorial-for-beginners
Jupyter: open Anacanda, and launch Jupyter
Pycharm: https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/basic-tutorials.html

2.	What's  the Probability Model ?
A: A probability model is a mathematical representation of a random phenomenon. It is defined by its sample space, events within the sample space, and probabilities associated with each event.

3.	Can you came up with some some sceneraies at we could use Probability Model?
A:Make decisions, you need to consider all kinds of probabilities.

4.	Why do we use probability and what's the difficult points for programming based on parsing and pattern match ?
A: 

5.	What's the Language Model ?
A: From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. A statistical language model is a probability distribution over sequences of words. Given such a sequence, say of length m, it assigns a probability to the whole sequence. The language model provides context to distinguish between words and phrases that sound similar.

6.	Can you came up with some sceneraies at which we could use Language Model?
A: 1. AI waiters, intercom communication chatter robot, etc.

7.	What's the 1-gram language model ?
A: n-gram models are widely used in statistical natural language processing. In speech recognition, phonemes and sequences of phonemes are modeled using a n-gramdistribution. For parsing, words are modeled such that each n-gram is composed ofn words.

8.	What's the disadvantages and advantages of 1-gram language model ?
A: Advantages: easy to learn
Disadvantages: time-consuming , hard-processing

9.	What's the 2-gram models ?
A: combine two 1-gram models

10.	What's the web crawler,and can you implement a simple crawler ?
A: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRW90GASSXE

11.	There may be some issues to make our crawler programming difficult,what are these,and how to solve them ?
A: 

12.	What's the Regular Expression and how to use ? 
A: A regular expression, regex or regexp (sometimes called a rational expression) is a sequence of characters that define a search pattern.



